## IndiaFOSS 3.0 - My Experience and Afterthoughts
###### Act I - calm b4 the (brain)storm
> HOME, 26.11.2023, 13:??

---
"Man, I can't believe it's been almost a month already since I was in Bangalore-"

"Wait a sec, I WAS SUPPOSED TO WRITE A BLOG ABOUT IT OMG"

_hops on PC_

---

As you might have guessed from the title of this post, today I'll be talking about my experience @ IndiaFOSS 3.0 (_formerly IndiaOS_), which was organised this year at the [NIMHANS Convention Centre](https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=19/12.94314/77.59678). Now some of you might be wondering, what did I, an average Joe from some suburb in West Bengal, have anything to do with a Convention on "FOSS"[^1]?

Well, _clears throat_ allow me to introduce to you...

_drum rolls_

### **OpenStreetMap!**


###### Act II - A few words on OpenStreetMap, the Community and my involvement

For those who are not aware of it, OpenStreetMap is a free, editable map of the whole world that is being built by volunteers largely from scratch and released with an open-content license.[^2]

Steve Coast founded OpenStreetMap in 2004, initially focusing on mapping the United Kingdom. In the UK and elsewhere, government-run and tax-funded projects like the Ordnance Survey created huge data sets, but failed to freely and widely distribute them. On August 22nd 2006, the OpenStreetMap Foundation was established to encourage the growth, development and distribution of free geospatial data and provide geospatial data for anybody to use and share.[^3]

Now I know what you might think -

"Okay, that's cool and all, but why not just use Google Maps/Apple Maps/(_insert your go-to proprietary solution_)?"

And you're not wrong. Why even bother creating a map from scratch rather than, I don't know, using already existing solutions? I can keep talking about it for paragraphs after paragraphs, but today's not the day. I'll be more than happy to explain it to you in my future posts (Hint: Control). Onto the Community part now.

With over 10 Million contributors all over the world, the OpenStreetMap Project has a very active community. In India though, that's about a thousand recurring contributors and less than 500 active contributors. I happen to be one of them.

I have been mapping in and around my [hometown](https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=14/26.5269/88.7271) for the past 6 months (or so). I have also been a part of the OpenStreetMap India Community for more or less the entire time I have been on OSM.

###### Act III - The Blueprint: OSM India getting involved in IndiaFOSS

It was probably the 9th or 10th of October, when one of the guys from OSM India mentioned about IndiaFOSS 3.0 and asked us if he should apply on behalf of us to be a Community Partner (which granted us some cool perks like a couple of extra tickets). Seeing the opportunity to preach OSM, we said yes and got approved ASAP. After that, we sorted out who will do what in a series of two or three meetings. Fortunately, I managed to get one of the free tickets, along with [Adhavan](https://rungdung.github.io/), _aka_ the guy who created [SafeYelli](https://safeyelli.in/), which is a citizen centric tool to report harassment, assault and other crimes on the streets in Bengaluru (he's a really cool guy btw).

---

##### Footnotes:
[^1]: FOSS: Acronym for "Free Open-Source Software"
[^2]: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/About_OpenStreetMap
[^3]: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/History_of_OpenStreetMap
