## ardor(s).

> TW: Trauma, violence, gore, isolation, and similar mature themes.

Just a post compiling some of the poems I've written over the past few years. Everything here is CC-BY-ND, unless stated otherwise.

###### [B - 15th February, 2024]

Burnt palms echo silence, tears dry upon my face,

The world spins, oblivious, in its sunlit, joyous race.

A sea of longing crashes, recedes upon the shore,

Leaving emptiness shimmering, wanting nothing more.



***

###### [B (The afterthoughts) - 15th February, 2024]

The world hums a joyous tune, a melody I can't recall,

A symphony of laughter echoing through a sunlit hall.

They paint their smiles in pixels, share their feasts in neon squares,

And I, an empty canvas, stand alone beneath the stairs.

The day paints shadows longer, stretching truths I don't confess,

A missed connection lingers, leaving wounds the heart can't mend.

The sting of steam still tingles, a reminder of clumsy grace,

But even pain is fleeting, leaving emptiness in its wake.


The world may dance and revel, oblivious to my plight,

But in the quiet corners, hope stirs in the fading light.

I am a sea of emotions, adrift but not yet drowned,

For even in the darkness, whispers of beauty can be found.



***

###### [C - 11th March, 2024]

The more I see,

The more I feel.

The more I dream.


The more my heart longs,

The more it prongs;

The more it blurs the rights and the wrongs


But will it help,

All the cry and yells,

Of the soul who chattels none but himself?




***

###### [D - 19th March, 2024]

With a fit of rage,

I set for a pilgrimage,

To a mirage by the horizon.


As the sunlight dwindled,

My hope whittled to null,

I seemed to have entered in a cul.



***



###### [E - 6th April, 2024]

I regret,

I regret that I'm the culprit,

I'm the culprit who keeps cutting ties,

From material and memories of time immemorial.


I regret,

I regret I'm the culprit,

I'm the culprit who puts strain,

On thou Earth, relations and hearts.


The regrets cumulates and culminates,

My hope for a near future wanes,

Or hope I exist in lair.


I belittle myself,

Yet I bare myself,

And bear the anguish.


Thus, I regret,

I regret I'm the culprit,

I'm the culprit who just has to be this way


***

###### [F - 22nd October, 2024] [incomplete]

Enough of being an isolate,

Not being able to celebrate,

Sighting the slighest glee,

Frowns me and makes me deteriorate.




***

###### [G - 13th January 2026, ~02:45]

they say, "oh, it will happen when the time is right"

but when is the time even right?

when is the time even right, when things are falling apart,

when things are falling apart, sinking in the quicksand

in the quicksand of eternal grief and desperation

grabbing you like its life depends on you

while yours is in the grasp of a mind

a mind thirsty to seek, to avenge

in flesh and blood, in tears

in slit necks, eyes pierced

in abdomen wide open, for its interiors

relishing on the pain

the pain since time immemorial

***